okay everyone if you haven't already
please put your math homework on my desk
hi Mandy
hi mrs. black this is an interesting
article you wrote for the school paper
Thanks you really like it well I'd like
to talk to you about it sometime oh okay
oh sorry Mandy I didn't mean to bump
into you oh that's okay Trina great
article Mandy thanks Chris you really
made Trina look bad I love it Chris
please raise your hand if you want to
say something sorry mrs. black I was
just talking to Mandy next time please
wait till after class to talk to Mandy
yes mrs. black excuse me mrs. black
could you please explain that math
problem again I couldn't hear you
because Chris was talking sure Trina
okay so
hey Mandy will cost you have next period
biology with mr. Thompson in room 204
yes okay I'll tell my boyfriend why he
didn't like what you wrote about me in
the paper I'm sorry but what I wrote was
the truth well I didn't like it either
so my boyfriend is gonna do something
about it like what you'll see and then
we'll go on from there
I'm sorry I'm late mrs. black that's
okay Mandy teacher's pet
do you have something to say Trina no
okay class please open your books to
page 25 all right everyone please write
down the problem I have on the board
is something wrong Mandy I can't find my
pencil who would like to lend Mandy a
pencil jenny has an extra pencil Jenny
oh sure here you go Mandy this is my
pencil are you saying I stole your
pencil or maybe you borrowed it
oh that's right I borrowed it and forgot
to give it back sorry
oh no problem can we get back to the
lesson girls
yes mrs. black okay so as we approach a
math problem we have to remember mrs.
black may I please go to the restroom
yes
Mandie the restroom is this way oh I
remembered I forgot something in my
locker Mandy are you okay
sure well you've come late and left my
class early the past two days I'm just
wondering what's going on I need to go
now I still want to talk to you about
your article you have biology next right
how do you like it
I don't it's my least favorite subject
really why I just don't like biology I
think it's because mr. Thompson doesn't
explain things very well I know what you
mean have you done your English homework
not yet I'm going to do it and study
hall
me too oh I better go me too
Mandy may I talk to you for a minute I'm
going to be late for biology that's okay
I'll write a note for your teacher okay
come into my classroom I don't have a
class this period Mandy I've been
wanting to talk to you about your
article you mean the one that has made
me a few enemies right well I'm not
surprised the truth can hurt I think
what I wrote was the truth yes we all
know why Trina got the biggest part well
it's not right no it's not do you think
the way you wrote your article was right
I don't know Mandy I'm not good with
words
that's why I teach math but I do know
that words have the power to hurt or to
heal and I use them to hurt mm-hmm what
should I do
that's for you to decide
hey are you really busy right now sort
of I'm studying for a test why what's up
I need to go to the mall to exchange
something can you take me I'd love to
but you have a lot of studying to do
right can mom take you maybe but you've
seemed a little sad lately I thought
shopping would cheer you up
you're right it would okay I'll take you
thanks Mandy what do you need to
exchange my new basketball shoes the
ones I helped you pick out why are you
exchanging them there's such cool shoes
I know but they're white and my changes
decided to get black shoes this year oh
do you have the receipt right here great
let's go
let's go exchange my shoes first then we
can shop wherever you want okay so you
don't want to do any shopping no I can
look at clothes with you or whatever you
want but then can we go to the ice rink
sure let's go to the food court first
and get a drink okay then we can talk
about guys what that's what you're sad
about right well never mind
we'll talk when we get our drinks so how
are things going with men okay it's
still awkward when we see each other but
it's getting better are you still sad
about breaking up
sort of
I know it was the right thing to do but
it's still hard you really miss him
don't you yeah I feel like I lost my
best friend
they're so good friends with Jake right
yes we don't hang out that much but he's
been helping me get to know other people
at NPC he's a really nice guy yes he is
I wonder how Matt's doing
he seems fine whenever I see him he's
with a big group of friends he's always
laughing and having a great time that
sounds like Matt let's talk about
something else
there's more to life than guys Wow Olli
I never thought I'd hear you say that
very funny
yeah I guess I've learned a lot from my
relationship with Matt
are you ready to go sure hey maybe you
should buy something at the sporting
goods store why I don't play for it well
maybe you should start
don't forget your good friend Jake like
for its Mandy
hi can I help you find anything no thank
you I'm just looking well if you need
anything just let me know thanks Ali
oh hi Jake what are you doing here I
didn't know you played sports
oh I don't I'm just here with Mandy hi
Jake what are you shopping for I'm
looking for a new football you play
football not on the school team or
anything Matt and I just play with some
of the guys in his dorm I've been
telling Alli she should try a sport have
you ever played any sports Alli well I
was on the track team in junior high and
I played on the volleyball team my
sophomore year I didn't know you liked
volleyball a group of us play volleyball
on Thursday nights you should join us
but I'm not very good Mandy is the real
athlete in our family that's okay
we just play for fun well I know playing
sports is a good way to get to know
people but and you told me you want to
make more friends at NPC right right so
you should take Mandy's advice and try a
sport I don't know it doesn't have to be
volleyball what about tennis these
racquets are on sale good idea
you look cute in one of those little
tennis skirts Alli very funny
I'm sorry Ally we won't push you if you
don't like sports that's fine
oh that's okay actually maybe you guys
are right
I couldn't try a new sport just for fun
are you sure yes which sport do you
think I'd like best
how about badminton I bet you'd be good
at it
hmm maybe we already have badminton
rackets at home though so I don't need
to buy one
hey what about softball well you'd need
to wait till spring that's true what
about soccer I haven't really played
soccer before I just played in PE class
next time my friends and I play soccer
I'll let you know okay we'll teach you
how to play it's a lot of fun okay
thanks Jake I don't need to buy anything
for soccer do i no not if you're just
playing for fun okay although I could
get one of these cute jerseys just for
fun
what kind of Jersey are you looking for
I'm not sure do you have this in blue
here's a blue one Thanks
does this come in other sizes I need a
medium here's a medium Thanks I'm sorry
this is too big can I get a smaller one
sure here's a small for you
Thanks I'll take this one will this be
cash or credit credit card please
okay may I see your ID
here you go
[Music]
Wow that Jersey is 30% off what a good
deal it is maybe I'll get one well I'd
better go see you girls later oh hey
we're almost done here want to go to the
ice rink with us oh sure
that would be fun
that was fun I'm glad I ran into you
girls me too
I'd really better go now though I have a
paper to write okay see you Jake
oh hey Ally I wanted to ask you did you
hear about Brad's concert at school next
month yes are you going of course
Brad's a good friend of mine so I'm
making sure everyone knows about it okay
sure I'll be there
great see you later bye oh now what Ally
where do you want to shop I don't know I
know most of your favorite stores are
upstairs
yeah let's go upstairs now do you want
to take the escalator or the elevator
whatever you want Mandy this shopping
trip
sure did its job what do you mean you're
more cheered up than I've seen you in a
month come on Jake the concert starts in
30 minutes we need to hurry
I'm coming Matt just give me a minute
I'm trying to decide what to wear what
to wear I'm wearing my work shirt it
doesn't matter what you wear yes it does
okay how about this yeah that will look
good thanks now can we go wait I need to
do something with my hair
Jake what's going on you never spend
this much time on your hair is it wrong
to want to look nice no but I think you
already look good
thanks Matt you're actually very cute
Matt you mixed up my hair
okay let's go
ha ha ha great this is going to be a fun
concert we'd better hurry if we want to
get there on time whoa
Alli it looks like a tornado hit your
room huh
I'm trying to decide what to wear to the
coffeehouse concert at school why are
you so worried about how you look I'm
not you look worried our Matt and Jake
going to the concert yeah Jake will be
there I asked about Matt - you're
dressing up for Jake aren't you um I
have to go bye Mandy
mission accomplished Ali likes Jake
daddy my car won't start
oh let me take a look at it we don't
have time to fix it right now I'm late
for a concert at school okay can I
borrow your car sorry but I need to run
some errands this afternoon I could give
you a ride though great thanks
can one of your friends bring you home
probably thanks dad
Oh Jake turn left here I know a shortcut
okay
now which way do I go
let me see Matt do you hear something
yeah what do you see I see red and blue
lights may be taking this shortcut
wasn't the best idea
Oh No you'd better pull over okay I'm
just trying to find a safe place dad the
concert starts in five minutes
could you drive a little faster Ali I
shouldn't drive any faster than this but
you always speed when you're late for
something well
thanks dad you're the best oh no a
police car where did that come from
calm down Allie I'll pull over this will
just take a minute I can't believe this
is happening hey Allie
dad wants to know if you're ready to go
almost let me just finish wrapping this
gift hey I have a question for you
what is it what do you think I should
get Jake for Christmas isn't it a little
late to be thinking about that Christmas
is the day after tomorrow I know but
I've been thinking about it for weeks
and I just don't know what to get whoa
Jake likes to play the guitar how about
giving him something for his guitar I
thought about that but what could I get
don't ask me I don't know anything about
guitars so what did you get for me none
of your business you'll find out on
Christmas okay
well you better hurry mom and dad are
waiting for us okay I'll be right there
Matt what are you doing here well hi to
you too I thought your family was going
to Hawaii for Christmas we are we're
leaving in a few hours I wanted to give
you your present before we leave you
didn't have to do that I know that's
what makes me such a great friend I'm
glad you're here I've got a question for
you what is it well
I've been trying to think of something
to get a lead for Christmas and I was
wondering if you had any ideas isn't it
a little late to be buying Christmas
presents
Halil I just really want to get her
something special I understand why don't
you write her a song write her a song
sure you're really creative you've got a
great voice and you play the guitar why
not hmm
okay great idea
thanks Matt what are friends for so are
you going to open your present
oh right and I have a gift for you too
you know I've been doing a lot of
thinking about you and Ally you have yes
and it's okay with me if you want to
date her it is yes just be careful okay
don't rush into anything
thanks Matt you're a great friend so are
you
well I'd better go bye hello hi Ally its
Jake oh hi Jake
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas hey do
you have any plans for tomorrow well our
family always spends Christmas Day
together
but I'm free all day on the 26th great
would you want to have lunch with me I
want to give you a Christmas present
sure I have something to give you too
great so I'll pick you up around 12:30
sounds good see you then bye
thanks for lunch Jake it was really
sweet of you to pay for me you didn't
have to do that
it's my pleasure here have a seat
I want to give you your present okay no
it's not fancy or anything but I hope it
shows you how special you are to me
thanks Jake I think you're special too
not the best present ever but I wrote
you a song you did Jake that's wonderful
no one's ever written a song for me
before don't get too excited
you haven't heard the song yet I'm sure
I'll love it now remember it's not
perfect I haven't really had time to
Jake it'll be great
please just play the song okay
[Music]
Thank You Jake
that was beautiful
you're welcome okay it's my turn
what's this open it you'll find out a
drawing of me playing the guitar Wow
Ali did you draw this yes do you like it
it's great thank you I didn't know you
could draw I didn't know you could write
songs I guess there are lots of things
we don't know about each other
Hey in your song you promise to always
be honest with me did you really mean
that yes I did
good then may I ask you a question sure
how do you feel about me well you're a
great girl and if I'm going to be honest
I like you a lot I like you too Jake
except except you are not ready to date
anyone right now
right that's okay Ali I understand I'm
not sure I'm ready to date either you're
not no I like you a lot and I do want to
date you but I don't want to rush into
anything I'm so glad to hear you say
that it's better to take things slowly
that way we can be careful not to hurt
each other right so what do we do now
well let's keep getting to know each
other better as friends that's a good
idea
and then maybe in a few months if we're
still interested we can start dating
exactly that sounds good to me
and in case you're wondering don't worry
I'll still be interested
I hope so sigh signature and signal sigh
please say your name here remember
please the consonant cluster please
please sigh your name here please
remember s please sigh your name here
okay for this one for signature could I
have your signature could I have your
signature and number three signal when
you see my signal run for example like
if I make a signal for example like like
this go go go that is a signal and if
you see my signal you run okay when you
see my signal
run for machine and mechanic she wants
to buy a washing machine a washing
machine is a machine to wash the clothes
okay
she wants to buy a washing machine she
wants to buy a washing machine for
mechanic he works as as as a car
mechanic he works as a car mechanic that
means his job is to repair or to fix
cars kite or that means or I can say
that he is a car mechanic he works as a
car mechanic